# Presentation Guidance 

For the in-house presentation, your CF will be providing you with feedback.

## Grading 
For each criteria, you will be rated as: 

- **5 = Far exceeds expectations** 
- **4 = Exceeds expectations**
- **3 = Meets expectations**
- **2 = Development required**
- **1 = Improvement required**

## Technical Learning Outcomes 
The learning outcomes are assessing **TECHNICAL** skills and we have provided some guidance for how to evidence that you have met these in each role. 

### QA Guidance: 
1. **Use a testing framework, demonstrate testing and monitoring of code coverage**
   - Include screenshots of tests and code coverage using testing framework
   - Explain test coverage reports generated by these tools
2. **Produces clean and legible code**
   - Include before and after snapshots of code that has been refactored for readability and maintainability.
   - Discuss practices they have adopted to ensure code cleanliness (like code reviews, linting, formatting standards), how they have refactored complex code, and the impact of these practices on the project's maintainability and readability.

### DevOps Guidance:
- Set up deployment and take ongoing responsibility
  - Include screenshots of the deployment pipeline configuration files or a live demonstration of the deployment process.
  - Discuss the deployment strategy, choice of deployment platforms (like Heroku, AWS, Netlify, etc.), and any scripts or tools used to automate the deployment process. They should also cover how they manage ongoing updates and rollbacks if necessary.

### Scrum Facilitator Guidance:
- **Sprint planning**
  - Prioritise issues
  - Break down larger issues into manageable chunks
  - Show us your project board, talk through it
  - How was the assignment of issues decided on?
  - How was progress tracked and the board updated?
  - Show us an issue that needed adjustments (was it reassigned? Was it deferred by a change in the sprint plan? etc…)
- **Lead Sprint Review**
  - Show us data on your velocity
  - Talk us through your retro (what findings came of it? How are you adjusting for the next sprint?)

### UX Lead Guidance:

- **Advocate for the user**
  - Show us your prototype
  - Explain how the design responds to feedback from your user testing
  - Show us how some features came to be prioritised over others and how that decision accounted for the impact on the end user
- **Create a style guide**
  - Show us your style guide
  - Tell us how it was reinforced during the project
  - Tell us how this style guide contributed to the readability and scalability of your codebase
- **Lead on project documentation**
  - Show us your project documentation
  - Talk through the different sections of your documentation
  - Talk through how a new developer can use this documentation to understand the needs of the codebase

## Employability-based Learning Outcomes 
The learning outcomes are assessing **EMPLOYABILITY SKILLS** and we have provided some guidance below for how to meet these expectations. 

> Note: They may be harder to demonstrate within the presentation itself, but for these criteria your grade will be based on how you have engaged with the entire project. 

- Works independently and takes responsibility to solve problems on their own.  
  - Include: Examples of how you addressed any problems that arose 
- Communicates effectively in a variety of situations to both a technical and non-technical audience.
  - Ensure: When preparing and delivering the presentation, ensure that it is accessible to all stakeholders and that any technical terms are clearly defined at the beginning 
- Works collaboratively with a wide range of people in different roles and acts with integrity
  - Assessed over the course of the project based
